Order history, Templating, Payment and Price engine section update (#9)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/price_engine/price_engine_api/price_engine_services/chainpriceservice/price_providers/price_providers.md

# Price providers

A price provider fetches or calculates the prices for the price request. If an error occurs or the prices cannot be calculated properly,

> it throws a `PriceCalculationFailedException`, which gives responsibility back to the [price service](../chainpriceservice.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
price provider throws a `PriceCalculationFailedException`, which passes the price calculation to the [price service](../chainpriceservice.md).
```
